what's up everyone my name is wade
patterson and welcome to video number
five
in my eight part series on impactful
communication
on social media in the first video i
talked about
facebook and how you can leverage that
platform with finding out
information like people's birthdays and
then taking that information
from online and doing something
impactful with it
offline in the second video i talked
about linkedin and how it's an
underrated social media platform where
you can leave
recommendations you can publish articles
and you can even leverage ephemeral
content
like linkedin stories the third video
was all about
insta instagram and how you can make an
impact with direct messages that include
video or audio content as well as
instagram reels and why it might be
worthwhile
to experiment with those and in the last
video i talked about
twitter and how so many people are
talking on that platform
and fewer people are listening and if
you're willing to
listen and take the time to read other
people's comments and thoughts and then
interact with them you are going to find
the benefit from doing so this video is
all about the platform we're on right
now which is
youtube and the idea that i have for how
you can leverage this platform
is by interviewing other people on
youtube i've talked a few times on my
channel about how i have another youtube
channel
called show me the crypto which is about
blockchain technology and
cryptocurrencies
and through this channel all we do is
interview people
that is our whole program every episode
is an
interview with somebody who is working
on a blockchain project
or somebody who is knowledgeable in the
space and
that is all of our content it's based on
interviewing people
what we've noticed is that we've had
pretty good growth and pretty good
engagement on our other social media
networks
because our pillar content is featuring
other people who have already built
audiences
and established themselves as part of my
impactful communication
speech and really whole concept i've
come up with different
challenges which are impactful
communication challenges
and one of them which i call the strombo
is all about
the importance of interviewing other
people because you get to tap into their
knowledge and expertise
but also you get to tap into their
audience
now whatever subject you're interested
in or you're passionate about
or the environment that you work in i'm
sure there are people you can think of
who would be really
interesting to interview in that space
but even if that's not relevant or
for whatever reason you don't want to do
interviews with anything work related
even just think about your own community
what i've seen some people do
is interview various business owners in
the place they live
and give a platform to those business
owners to tell their story
explain how the business was started and
talk about how they got it to the point
that it's at
by asking these types of questions and
by getting this information you're
creating great
local content in the place you love
living
and that is going to be beneficial for
anyone who is planning on visiting that
place
but also each of those local businesses
is likely going to share out your
content if you do a good job with the
quality of it
they are going to share that out to
their social media networks
and while you as you start out may only
have
50 people or 100 people or whatever
number that like your content
if other businesses that are established
as the best coffee shop in town
or the best place to grab a pint or
whatever the business category
they probably already have thousands of
people following them on social media
and if they're sharing out that content
or that link to your youtube video
that is traffic you are directing to
your channel
from many different places and other
people are advocating that content
on your behalf this is likely to see
you grow much quicker if we take my own
channel for example
this is just me talking this is just me
giving advice
and so the growth rate has been pretty
minimal compared to my other channel
where we are talking about
cryptocurrencies and
interviewing experts in the space
because any time one of those
experts or the people we're interviewing
shares that out on twitter
that is a huge new audience that we are
tapping into so the growth on that
channel has been a lot quicker
even though both of our channels started
at the same time
even if you are the person who is the
expert in your space
interviews allow you to bring in another
voice
another perspective into the
conversation
and it's just a nice change of pace for
the audience as well
at some point on this channel i plan to
leverage interviews and
and to put my money where my mouth is to
actually implement this tip as well
i hope this video on youtube and how to
get more eyeballs on your
content was helpful i would appreciate
it if you like this content
if you want to continue to be a better
communicator subscribe hit the
notifications
and let's get the engagement going on
this post like
comment below let me know what you took
from this what you like about the
content
and videos that you'd like to see in the
future as well
otherwise i hope you have an awesome day
and we'll see on the next one